<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
Finished codepen: https://codepen.io/murphywrites/pen/gOMWVKE

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Element tags and classes that give meaning to the code they describe
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To display data on a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute further defines an element with information that does not get rendered on the page
    (like a URL address, for example)
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for page titles and should be used only one time!
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor (a), and image (img)
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head contains the link to our CSS file for styling
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a tag we can apply to an element that we want to have a unique style
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a tag we can apply to all elements we want to style similarly
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add attribute to anchor tag "target=_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    For accessibility - it describes what is displayed in the image for those
    who cannot see it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    With the # selector in CSS
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic, it describes the web page
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To add style to a webpage's HTML code
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is used for only one element on the page, classes can be used for multiple
    Example: I have a website with 100 images. 20 of them are images of cows, and I want those images to have a thicker 
    border, so I give those images a class of "cows". I want only one of those cow image borders to turn purple when I hover over
    it, so I apply an id of "purple-cow".
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a . selector
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it is a selector that can isolate elements based on their parent-child relationship to other elements.
    It would be useful if you wanted to select an element type but only if it is the child of another element type. Like if 
    you wanted to select all paragraphs within the header.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    They are selectors that define special states of element. Example :hover selects elements when
    they are moused over
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    CSS line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    CSS letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* This is how you comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ cwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    $ rm <filename>. There is no way to undo this change.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control ensures that when working on something you do not make harmful changes to the 
    code you are trying to work on
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenever meaningful changes to the repo are made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    $  git push -u origin firstname-lastname|
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repo you want to work on in Github
        2. Make sure the fork was successful and that your github username is displayed in the file path
        3. Clone the repo on github and copy the HTTPS link that corresponds to that Clone
        4. In the terminal, navigate to the folder you want to put the cloned repo into using 'cd'
        5. Use $ git clone <link from step 3> to clone the repo into your local directory
        6. In the terminal, navigate into the new repo using $ cd <repo-name>
        7. Create a new branch of the repo using $ git checkout -b <firstname-lastname>
        8. Make whatever changes to the repo you need to
        9. Add and commit changes to your branch using $ git add . and $ git commit -m "helpful, descriptive message"
        10. Push changes back to Github using $ git push -u origin <firstname-lastname>
        11. Submit pull request on Github, making sure you are submitting to the forked repo
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block element defaults to occupying its own line on the page and inline behaves like span and will not
    not start a new line on the page
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It will not adjust if the window is resized
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 